I have chained her in the editor and she
would British Columbia magazine coming
to you today from the streets of
Victoria where we produce British
Columbia magazine and I'm holding in my
hands a fresh chef depressed copy of our
fall 2011 issue featuring Tofino on the
cover
well our cover story talks about surf
culture and Canada's top surfing
destination I wanted to give you a few
of my own personal favorites the things
to do in the cioppino included area
besides is sir number five get up close
to giant trees along the rainforest
trail in the Pacific Rim National Park
Reserve just off the highway between
Euclid inches
number four visit to fee knows
wonderfully quirky and educational
Botanical Gardens number three step into
the longhouse gallery of Roy Henry
Vickers one of Canada's pre-eminent
First Nations artists
I'm to hike the lighthouse loop of you
clueless wild Pacific Trail
and number one my personal favorite
eating oysters at the wickaninnish in a
great way to top up a day whether you've
spent it on land or in the water
to learn more about Zaffino pick up a
copy of the fall 2011 British Columbia
magazine on newsstands September 23rd